+++
title = 'Hello World'
date = 2024-05-31T13:39:57-04:00
draft = false
+++

It has been a loooong time since I've blogged.  Like, almost 7 years since I posted anything on [my personal blog](http://briangenisio.com/). The thing is: I really didn't have much to say.  I have been heads-down at [Khan Academy](https://khanacademy.org) doing all sorts of awesome things.  In that time, I became a Staff Engineer, contributed significantly to our massive re-write, and even became a manager!

Something that is interesting me these days that I feel like I want to talk about: AI Generated code.  We've been all-in at Khan Academy on AI via our [Khanmigo](https://www.khanmigo.ai/) AI-based tutor product. I've learned a ton about AI in the past year and I've also learned how it makes me more productive day-to-day.

## Enter Cursor
[Cursor](https://cursor.sh/) is a new editor that bills itself as "The AI Code Editor". It's based off of VS Code so there is also a Cursor plugin you can install.  I've been trying out the Cursor IDE itself just to get my head around it.  Cursor brings in a lot of ideas from different models (OpenAI, CoPiolot, etc) and integrates them right into the editor so. You have conversations with your code and it then offers to modify your code.  It gives you a "diff" view and then the opportunity to approve or reject the changes.  I've been usin CoPilot for a while now with a lot of success.  But it's only been a helper as I type.  With Cursor and CoPilot++, I'm now "talking" to my code, asking it to make changes.

## The Experiment
When CoPilot came out, I tried an experiment: can I write an entire application using AI?  The answer was "no".  It wasn't that sophisticated.  It helped me a lot, but it wasn't great at writing everything for me and fixing mistakes, finding bugs, etc.  Now that I'm trying Cursor, I find that we might _actually_ be there now.  It certainly needs me -- a capable software developer -- to describe what to do.  But it does look like it can build an application.

## Them's the Rules!
My experiment is to avoid writing my own code.  How far can I get with building a production-ready application using this method?  I'm setting some rules for myself:

1. **AI generates code:** Code is only generated by making human-readable, natural language requests. I will accept and reject the changes, but the AI will write the code.
2. **AI tells me what to do:** It seems that it's not good with writing code in multiple files.  I can ask it to extract a class out of a file into another one and it will tell me what to do. But it doesn't do it.  So I'll allow myself to copy/paste its suggestions into new files; only if the AI tells me to.
3. **AI fixes its own mistakes:** There are times when the code it generates doesn't compile or has lint errors.  The AI or the the IDE fixes the problem. Not me.
4. **Start with AI for bugs:** When the AI generates code that has a bug, I start by getting the AI to fix it.  I'll describe the behavior and let it figure out what to do.
5. **AI writes the layout and CSS:** I can describe what I want but the AI needs to write the layout changes and CSS changes.
6. **AI creates the assets:** Cursor can't create new images, for example.  In that case, I'll go to DALL-E to get the image assets.

I'm sure there are more rules I'll go by but this is the idea.  I want to build a multi-player, browser-based game that is production ready.  I'll describe the game in a future post.